fix broken links in release notes (#336)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/release-notes/2019-11-25-product-specifications.md

createdAt: "2019-11-25T14:47:00.000Z"
---

> The [Product Specification](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-store-components-productspecifications) `visibleSpecifications` and `hiddenSpecifications` props can now be edited through the admin's Site Editor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Product Specification](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.store-components/productspecifications) `visibleSpecifications` and `hiddenSpecifications` props can now be edited through the admin's Site Editor. 
```

## What you need to do 

> Make sure you store is already running [**Store Components**](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-store-components) version **3.85.0** or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your store is already running [**Store Components**](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.store-components) version **3.85.0** or higher.
```
